All right so we're going to be doing now is we want to work on the archive page.
Because if we go let's say to click one of these categories it's going to look like this which isn't
what we want.
So it's created a new file and we're going to call it archive Daut ph.
All right.
And and we copy everything we have in the single dot PSAP file and then paste it in.
As fine as far as how these are formatted.
It's going to be formatted like the popular.
OK.
This right here.
So what I going to do is I'm going to clear everything that's in the while loop
.
All right.
And let's put it to you well right here.
Give it a class
and styled
and then right under the end while we're going to close that well.
All right.
And then we're going to jump over to index Peachtree and go where we have the popular pose which is
right here and we're going to grab everything in here and in the Alhaj copy it and then go and pasted
it in this while loop.
All right so let's save that and then let's go back to an archive page and now it looks like this.
OK let's add a heading up here.
Now since it's an archive there's many different types.
So we're going to use the the if statement that we've been using all along for archive pages.
Let's go right here and put it in H2
and then we're going to paste the sin.
So it's just checking for the different types of archive's category author tag and so on.
All right so now if we go back and reload now we get business.
Click on entertainment you get entertainment click on one of these gives us the archived by day.
What else.
Actually no that should be by month
.
This will be by year.
OK now if I create if I click on the user we get all the posts by that user as well.
All right so that's that.
Now we also want the search to work and the search results should look just like that archive.
So we're going to create a new file save it as search dog THP and we're going to copy everything that's
in the archive and paste that in its search.
Except for the header the heading we want to get rid of this and we'll just have it say search results
.
OK.
And then the search form itself if we go to index PDP
and we look at the form all we need is we're going to have actually add a fourth form tag because we
don't have that
we're going to add a few things we need a method so method will be get.
And then we need action.
So here we're going to see ph P Ecko and then we're going to escape.
You are all in here we're going to add home you are l and we're at as a parameter slash.
Now make sure you have the name of the input as ass so that it works.
All right we'll save that.
And then let's go into one of our posts and let's just write the word Hello.
All right.
And then from the front end let's go and type in Hello.
And there we go.
I already had an article with the word hello in it as well.
So that looks good.
Now we have the form only on the home page.
I also I want it to be on the search results as well.
So let's just grab it right here in the index and go to search PSAP.
And then we're just going to add that to the top.
All right so then when we search we still get the input box at the top.
All right so we're just about there.
We just need to do the page now because if we click on let's say about this is what it looks like.
So let's go and create a new file save it as Page dog HP and we're going to copy what we have in single
Daut ph and paste that in.
And then let's get rid of this.
MEDVEDEV You can get rid of this thumbnail post area
get rid of the comments template and I think that's it.
So if we go now reload we have a simple about page.
All right.
So that's it guys are W.P. news theme is now complete.
All right so hopefully you like this project and I'll see you in the next one.